Now let's talk about good Hash Function.
Now, going back to the beginning of time,
passwords used to be so stored in plain text,
and that's not very safe and we just discussed why.
They came up with the algorithm MD5,
which is also no good,
and SHA-1 which had collision attacks and which is why it is also not good.
Then there are common password hashing functions as well.
The good algorithm Hash Functions that I would recommend would be bcrypt,
and there is also Arden to, scrypt is good.
So these will be some good Hash Functions that you could
use in your enterprise applications,
because the most implementations of bcrypt uses 1,024 rounds by default.
What this means is that,
the passwords are hashed, rehashed,
and rehashed again, and this is done 1,024 times and makes it extremely hard to crack.